Added Starport IBC doc (#344)
tendermint/starport: docs/Starport IBC.md

# Starport IBC

Inter-Blockchain Communication Protocol in short [IBC](https://github.com/cosmos/ics#ibc-quick-references), enables communication of blockchains. IBC allows a reliable and secure connection between two chains which can be used for transfers of tokens, multi-chain smart contracts, atomic swaps or data and code sharding of any kind.

> In order to communicate between chains, bootstrapping two blockchains with starport will give us the picture of how it is intended to work and what happens on each of the blockchain application in the communication process. In this tutorial we will be creating two blockchains, connect those blockchains and transfer tokens via IBC.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to communicate between chains, bootstrapping two blockchains with starport will give us a picture of how it is intended to work and what happens on each of the blockchain applications in the communication process. In this tutorial, we will be creating two blockchains, connecting those blockchains and transferring tokens via IBC.
```

Author: Thanks for the intro, @Tosch110! 👍
